Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to start building an agent.
So what is this agent by themselves?
The large language model can't take any actions, they just output the text.
We already know that a big use case for Lang chain is creating an agents.
So the agents are the system that uses the large language models as a reasoning engine to determine
which action to take and output the inputs necessary to perform the action.
So after executing the action, the results can be fed back to large language model to determine whether
more actions are needed or whether it is okay to finish it off.
This is often achieved via tool calling, and we already saw the tool callings as well in our last section
of this course.
That's the reason why I wanted to cover up this agents part right now, because now you have got all
the nuts and bolts for building an agents.
We have already discussed about LM, we have already talked about tool calling.
The final piece of the puzzle is the agents that we are going to talk about.
So agents, as you can see over here, is going to be helping us to perform some action based on the
tools that we have got, and that is what we are going to be doing over here.
I'm not going to talk about the already available agents, because if you have seen, uh, hugging face
also has got an agent called as smiles agent.
So if you just go and search for hugging face, uh, small, uh, small agents.
Um, yeah.
This one.
Uh, so you see that this is an agent which is going to perform some action for you.
So, uh, if you just go to Conceptual guide, what are the agents?
So any efficient system using I will need to provide some kind of access to the real world.
For instance, the possibility to call a search tool to get, uh, external information, like how we
did in our last, uh, section where we give where we gave the LM, uh, the external, uh, real world
access with Wikipedia.
That's exactly what they are talking about over here.
Or an act on certain program in order to solve a task, which is what we did in our last section, where
we gave the ability for the agent to, uh, to perform addition, multiplication and subtraction operation
with our custom program that we built.
In other words, heirloom should have a agency which is nothing but the tools that we have.
And the genetic programs are the gateway to the outside world of the Elm, which is amazing.
That's what we have already did most of the time, and they have got some details of how the agents
needs to be one of the things that you need to avoid, and they have got a lot of discussions and details
over here.
But most important thing that you need to understand with this particular LM agents is that they are
going to think and do the action and then perform other action, or maybe calling other tools to complete
a certain task.
So the agents are going to be relentlessly work for you to get the most optimal output from the question
that you have asked via all the available tools and the custom tools, and from the reasoning engine,
which is the large language model, and get you the response that you are looking for, that is the
power of the agents.
Whereas if you just ask a query to your large language model.
It's just going to output it immediately.
Whereas with this tool calls, it is going to keep on calling quite a lot of different tools before
it answers the correct questions.
So you see that this is what the diagram is really.
It is going to keep updating its memory.
And then it is going to again call the tool call to to get the right output.
And then it is going to give the response to you back.
So the final answer is going to come up over here.
So it is going to do a lot of different operation before it gets you the final output, which is amazing.
And that is what we are going to be doing in this particular section of how we can make use of the agents
in a long chain, but not for you to build the agents.
We are going to start looking at the agents class, which is available in long chain, and we're going
to do that.
But the first use case that we are going to be doing in this particular section is going to be how we
can replace our existing tool calling and selection logics that we wrote to execute the the tools with
the agents.
We'll be talking about that in our next lecture.